[Music]
Wow with more than a billion cars in the
world nowadays it's astonishing that we
can remember where we park the darn
thing yep
it's amazing how little people know
about their own vehicles like have you
ever wondered what the world's most
favorite car color is no it's not pues
how much of your car is recyclable or
why does your turn signal make this
annoying clicking sound well check these
out the first cars weren't equipped with
a steering wheel when the driver needed
to turn they had to use a special lever
the heaviest limousine called Midnight
Rider
was produced in 2004 this huge vehicle
weighed more than 50 thousand pounds
which is three and a half times as heavy
as an elephant about 70 feet long the
limo could comfortably seat 40
passengers and four crew members had
three different lounges in a separate
bar the world's lowest street-legal car
is Mehran which means future in Japanese
that's where the unusual vehicle was
built this single seater Rises less than
18 inches above the ground
and since it's a slightly scary
experience to try it Mirai on a busy
street when someone does there's always
a guarding car in front of the little
vehicle and another one behind the
average family car spends 95% of its
life time Park surprising huh do you
like the smell of a new car then I've
got some bad news for you it's actually
the odor of different volatile organic
compounds used to build vehicles the
smell does no good to your health and
manufacturers are adopting various
techniques and measures to get rid of it
more than 250 million car tires are
thrown away every year the world's first
speeding ticket was issued in 1904 the
offender was going at a speed of 12
miles per hour pulled in an area with a
speed limit of 8 miles per hour by the
way at that time most cars couldn't
drive faster than 45 miles per hour
electric cars aren't a recent invention
in 1900 almost 40% of all cars were
electric around 40% of vehicles were
powered by steam and a bit more than 20%
were fueled by gasoline the average
driver spends five months of their life
waiting in their car at red lights in
1963 thousand dollars would have bought
you a brand new car for example a Buick
LeSabre these days you would have just
enough to get a steering wheel
transmission and two doors the average
car is stuffed with 55 pounds of copper
wiring which is as heavy as six
medium-sized domestic cats and an
electric car has three times this amount
of copper which is 165 pounds or 18
kitties yeah that's a crazy comparison
compounding copper into kitties but
we're creative here on the bright side
when asked more than 90 percent of
drivers confess they regularly sing
behind the wheel hey what's your
favorite tune to sing while driving tell
me about it in the comments up to 75% of
all the rolls-royce cars ever made are
still on the road these days the largest
speeding fine ever was a reported 290
thousand dollar ticket a Swiss motorist
got in Switzerland the Ferrari
Testarossa driver was going through a 50
mile
it has speed almost twice as high the
fine was calculated based on the drivers
wealth plus it was a repeat offense
zum-zum caching there are about 1.2
billion cars in the world these days for
comparison in 1986 there were only 500
million experts are sure that by 2040
people all over the world will own more
than 2 billion cars every day around a
hundred and sixty-five thousand cars are
produced worldwide it adds up to more
than 60 million cars a year one of the
world's most loved cars is the
Volkswagen Beetle more than 20 million
units have been sold all over the world
the last car that still had a cassette
player was the Ford Crown Victoria in
2011 after that you had to buy CDs for
new music playing devices installed in
vehicles the three-point seatbelt saves
one life every six minutes by the way
this safety measure was invented by
Volvo in 1959 the company didn't patent
its invention so that other car
producers could use it for passenger
safety as well an airbag speed is faster
than the blink of an eye almost 200
miles per hour and it takes one just 40
milliseconds to deploy after an impact
almost 80 percent of the average car is
recyclable in some countries automobile
recycling is one of the largest
industries the turn signal makes its
trademark clicking sound because of the
heat you switch on the blinker the
electricity heats up a special spring
and the thing keeps bending until it
comes into contact with a small strip of
metal as soon as these two components
get connected an electric current passes
through them and powers the turn signal
life after that the spring cools down
and returns to its original shape
switching the light off then the process
starts again to produce a new flash
by the way since more cars are getting
computerized lots of manufacturers start
to rely on computer technologies to
activate turn signals this way the whole
process that once produced the clicks is
skipped interestingly some drivers get
unsettled when they don't hear the
familiar sound after activating the
blinkers that's why in some computerized
cars the sound is still there white is
the world's most favorite car color
being more noticeable white vehicles are
ten percent less likely to get involved
in road accidents than others when more
super popular car color is silver in
some countries police cars carry teddy
bears these stuffed toys are used to
calm down scared kids who get lost
several decades ago Japan was the
world's leading car manufacturer these
days it's only the third after China and
the USA with China producing almost 25
percent of the world's cars the world
famous three pointed mercedes-benz star
was chosen to represent the company's
dominance in three places the land sea
and air you know somehow I have not yet
seen their car which can drive float and
fly so if you have got something in the
comments please Odie's for overlapping
rings emblem symbolizes four originally
independent companies that eventually
merged into one
the famous rowdy group and as for the
BMW logo it comes from the company's
original production airplanes the blue
and white circle also known as targets I
symbolizes a white spinning propeller
against the blue sky
the BMW m5 has such a quiet engine that
the car has to play fake engine noises
through its audio system to remind the
driver that it's actually working the
world's cheapest car is Tata Nano a tiny
thing shaped like a jelly bean this
rear-wheel drive vehicle can accelerate
up to 65 miles per hour and costs around
2,000 bucks
it's a widespread misconception that
just a few countries have left-hand
traffic in reality not more than 65
percent of the world's population drive
on the right side of the road driver
surveys show that 16% of all car owners
never wash their cars when Mary Anderson
invented the first effective windshield
wipers they were considered an
unnecessary distraction until drivers
realized they were game changers
historians believe that the word car
came from the Latin word chorus which
means a wheeled vehicle another version
is the Middle English word Carra a
two-wheeled cart the first car radio
appeared in 1924 this device had an
exorbitant price that could reach $130
it may seem like not a big sum but how
about this the average car price was
around 540 dollars at that time the car
radio was believed to be distracting and
many safety agencies were trying to ban
it from cars and finally Hyundai Tucson
has a special edition that contains a
zombie survival kit just in case hey if
you learn something new today then give
the video a like and share it with a
friend and here are some other videos I
think you'll enjoy just click to the
left or right and remember stay on the
bright side of life
[Music]